>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
we've got Chad Lewis
with us right now-- paranormal
researcher and noted author.
How many books out
there now, Chad?
18?
>>CHAD LEWIS: 18.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
You keep pumping
them out, don't you?
We're talking about
the paranormal
on this portion of the show.
How did you get involved in
the paranormal aspect of this?
>>LEWIS: My background
is in psychology.
And as an undergraduate
student, I
was really interested
in people who
had had experiences and
belief, and why they
believed in the paranormal.
So through college, I
studied the paranormal,
went out actually
researching, investigating.
And I actually did my master's
thesis on students' belief
in the paranormal.
And I was looking at why
people believe in some objects
or subjects and not others.
And I was looking at
gender differences,
and I was looking at educational
differences, or religion
differences, trying to explain
why people would believe
in one subject and not another.
And during that course of
that time, I was lecturing,
and people would often contact
me for their assistance,
that they needed help,
that they had had something
happen to them.
>>NOORY: A ghost, hadn't they?
>>LEWIS: Yeah, a ghost.
They woke up and there
was a crop formation
in their backyard,
things of that nature
that they couldn't explain.
They had no expertise in it.
So they asked if I
would help them out.
>>NOORY: When you say
"paranormal," what do you mean?
>>LEWIS: For me, it's anything
out of the known, anything that
shouldn't be.
And I say it shouldn't
be based on what we know.
Maybe it should be.
But based on our education
and our science and medicine,
it's things that
shouldn't happen,
but yet they do happen--
the supernatural,
something outside of the
bounds of our known reality.
>>NOORY: My late aunt wrote
a book called "Breakthrough
to Creativity."
She was a psychiatrist, and
devoted her entire career
to extrasensory
perception and research.
She called it paranormal.
And I was much younger.
Dr. Shafica Karagulla
was her name.
And I would say Aunt Shafica,
I don't think it's unusual.
I don't think it's paranormal.
I think we're born
with these gifts.
We're not talking about
the ghosts or anything,
but the intuition, the ESP.
And I've always grown up
believing that it's normal, not
paranormal.
>>LEWIS: Many of the psychics
or mediums or intuitives
that I work with will say that
it is not paranormal, it's
normal-- as you
said, that we all
have these abilities,
if you will, or powers,
or some view them as
curses, that you just have
to feed it, almost, to grow it.
And I myself have zero psychic
ability that I know of.
>>NOORY: But it's in you.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
The mediums say I should be
able to teach it and progress
with that.
I agree that it's
something that should
be normal rather than
supernatural or paranormal.
>>NOORY: The older I get,
Chad, the more fascinated I
become with the other
side, with death.
In your research, what
have you concluded
about what that might be?
>>LEWIS: Well, of course,
today we're as far from death
as we've ever been.
Today, we have it
at a funeral parlor,
or people die in hospitals
or hospice centers.
It used to be you
die in the home,
and people were more
connected with death.
You'd have the funeral
there, the wake.
You buried the loved
ones in your backyard.
>>NOORY: You'd get drunk.
>>LEWIS: And for me--
>>NOORY: Uncle Sam
was a great guy.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
It was a celebration,
if you will.
But today, I think we
fear it more than we once
did in terms of not knowing
what happens on the other side.
But by all accounts,
people that have
died and have come back explain
the white light and the tunnel
and so forth.
But we really don't know.
That's one of the
last great mysteries
out there is what
happens when we die.
>>NOORY: We're all going to die.
But I'd like us to stay on
this planet as long as we
can-- a fulfilled
life, a happy life.
But when you get to a
certain age, I think,
you know what, you've done OK.
My father has passed on.
I miss him.
But he was 88 years old.
A great run.
I should be that lucky.
My sister, on the other hand,
passed away a few months ago
of brain cancer, 56 years old.
That to me, Chad, that's sad.
Because you're not
finished with your life.
She was on the home
stretch, of course,
3/4 of the way in terms of age.
But I think it
was cut too short.
Do people really understand
what the other side is,
and how it relates
to our own existence?
>>LEWIS: I think many people,
especially in our country,
hold religious beliefs
or spiritual beliefs
of the afterlife that they may
believe that the afterlife is
going to be better than the
life here on Earth right now.
And many people live their lives
according to those beliefs.
And there are some people,
of course, obviously
who believe that when
you're gone, you're gone.
There's nothing left to you.
And of course, ghosts
are really spirit
of people that have passed on
into another realm, dimension,
something, and
they're still there.
And for a lot of
people that I've
encountered that have had a
ghost experience where they
believe a loved
one has come back,
they take great comfort
and solace in that
thinking that that loved
one is in a better place,
and they're coming back
to tell them they're OK.
So many people that have
a ghostly experience,
for them, it's a
great experience.
It gives them belief
and hope that there's
something more than this life.
>>NOORY: Some people
believe that religion
created the afterlife just
for their own self-serving
purposes.
Is that possible?
>>LEWIS: Sure.
A lot of people believe that
the best way to control someone
is through religion.
And death, there's
nothing scarier
than death-- except, for
some people, public speaking.
But outside of that--
>>NOORY: You give
people the feeling
that there is something else.
>>LEWIS: Yes, that there's
something else to aspire to.
Don't just live
your life in chaos,
because you may have to pay
for it in the other realm.
>>NOORY: So you
think it's possible?
>>LEWIS: I certainly
think it's possible.
I've met people
that believe they've
encountered the other
side and have come back.
They've been clinically
dead for minutes,
and they come back believing
they've experienced it.
You can go to any
bookstore today
and buy dozens of books of
people who believe they've
been to heaven and back.
We don't often hear people claim
they've been to hell and back.
That's not a bestseller
like it is for heaven.
>>NOORY: I've got a book out
with Rosemary Ellen Guiley
called "Talking to the
Dead" about different ways
to communicate with
the other side.
But have you ever
doubted its possibility?
I have.
There have been some times where
I have doubted the possibility
that there is an existence
beyond this physical plane.
Have you?
>>LEWIS: Yes, of course.
I think if you are to
formulate any belief,
you have to look at all sides.
You have to establish
what if there's nothing
out there afterwards.
And for some people,
the idea of eternity
and whether it's heaven or
hell-- especially heaven--
seems not a great thing, that
I have to live on forever
and ever and ever.
It seems tiring for some people.
So some people are hoping that
there's nothing after this.
>>NOORY: Well, we'll find
out one way or another.
One person once told me,
George, if it exists,
you'll know about it.
If it doesn't, who cares?
You won't.
>>LEWIS: Yes.
Yeah.
I think for us, the living,
that's where it's for.
Funerals and burial rituals,
that's all for the living
more so than the dead.
Because if there is an
afterlife and you pass on,
you're going to be busy.
Obviously, you're going
to have things to do.
And if there's not, you're gone.
You don't care.
Like you said, that's it.
So I think religion
and burial rituals,
funeral procedures are all
for us here in the living.
>>NOORY: Chad, in your research,
you've done a lot of work
on ghosts.
What are they?
Why are they pestering us?
>>LEWIS: Well,
many people believe
ghosts are somebody
who has once lived,
a human that has once live,
passed on, and for whatever
reason, hasn't ceased existence.
Whether they're in purgatory,
or they're in heaven, hell,
what be it, they come back.
Maybe they're on a different
dimension, different plane,
different time.
>>NOORY: Maybe they don't
even know they're dead.
>>LEWIS: Exactly.
And of course, some people
believe in residual hauntings.
It's not so much that it's
somebody who has come back,
but it's that the
environment has the ability
to record things.
And whether it's a tragic
suicide, or untimely death,
that that curses the
area, and somebody who
comes by on the right
frequency, if you will,
it's almost as though
it's played back
on a loop like a
DVD, that people
see this ghost
doing the same thing
night after night after night.
There's no interaction between
the ghost and the witness.
So many people believe
that you might have just
been seeing something
that has already happened.
>>NOORY: Do we confuse
demons with ghosts?
Two different things.
>>LEWIS: A lot of people,
believe it or not,
that are very religious will
tell me that they believe that
ghosts are demons coming back
in the guise of a loved one,
trying to get access--
>>NOORY: To trick you.
>>LEWIS: Yeah, the trickster
trying to come back
and to haunt you and get in--
>>NOORY: Get you soul.
>>LEWIS: And no better way to do
than the parted father, mother.
You're going to trust them.
And that belief
usually centers more
on people who are very
religious, whereas others
believe it's somebody who has
come back that is their flesh
and blood, that it's really
grandmother coming back.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of exorcisms?
>>LEWIS: They seem to work.
Whether or not there's
a demon in there
or it's a psychological problem,
they seem to get results.
Again, the power of
the mind we don't know.
So I'm all for people
using exorcisms
or having an exorcist come.
And many people have taken
that step, just not that far.
They've had a priest or a
religious figure in their life
come and bless their home.
It was very common when you
bought a new house years ago
to have a religious
person come and bless it,
not because you thought
there were demons,
but because it
would be good luck,
and that it would set
you on the right path.
And I think those beliefs are
kind of waning over the years.
>>NOORY: What happens,
Chad, if it doesn't work,
if you can't get that
demon out of the body?
>>LEWIS: Sometimes in
these exorcisms gone wrong,
people will die.
Often, they need
medical attention along
with maybe this
spiritual attention.
But sometimes, in
very devout families,
they refuse the medical
attention to go along with it.
So these people
will malnourished.
And I think you should
combine both of them.
If your belief is that a loved
one is possessed by a demon,
great.
Have the exorcism.
Have everything you can do
to possibly deal with that.
But also, don't rule out the
other stuff that we have,
the known science and medicine.
And people often ask, when you
go looking for the paranormal,
do you use Ouija
boards or psychics.
>>NOORY: No, not
the Ouija board.
>>LEWIS: And I
always say that when
you're dealing with the
weird, what's too weird?
Where do you call the line?
I don't personally use it,
but people I work with will.
And some of them have
had great experience.
I have had great
experience using psychics,
but I've also had
times where you'd
better off bringing
a piece of toast
and asking that a question,
because the psychics seem
to be so off.
But again, my point
is that when we're
dealing with these topics
that are a little out there,
what is too weird?
Is a Ouija board too weird, but
is an infrared camera to weird?
Where do you draw the line?
And for me, I try to open
myself up to all of it,
because I don't
know the answers.
I'm left with more questions.
So I'm looking for any tool
that might help me solve a case
or get closer to the truth.
>>NOORY: Have you ever been
visited by a dearly departed
or a friend who has passed on?
>>LEWIS: I haven't had an
encounter with a loved one.
One of the first
experiences I ever had,
in college, I was visited
by the old hag, the old hag
syndrome of this hideous
woman that was straddling
my chest when I was sleeping.
>>NOORY: Paralyzing you.
>>LEWIS: I was at a haunted
house of a colleague of mine,
and we were both
sleeping, and I woke up
to this hideous beast on me.
Couldn't move, sleep paralysis.
And saw it just disappear
right out the front door
without opening it.
So that's the closest I've
ever come to a spirit or ghost
sighting is that old hag.
>>NOORY: Chad, you've
also looked at curses.
What are they?
>>LEWIS: Well, I
love areas where
there are dares and curses.
If you go to this area
and sit on the mausoleum,
you'll be cursed with bad
luck to the day you die.
If you jump over a witch's
grave, a misfortune, mishap,
death will follow you.
And again, I don't know if these
are self-fulfilling prophecies,
that when you go to
these cursed areas,
you expect something to happen.
One of my favorite
curses is that of Robert
the Doll down in Key West.
And we've talked about this
on your "Coast to Coast" show.
And Robert is this creepy
looking old sailor doll.
But people go there,
and dozens upon dozens
report that they've
been cursed afterwards--
a speeding ticket, an
accident, their computer
crashes, and things like that.
And you wonder, is it just
the coincidence of visiting,
or is there
something more to it?
And with the Robert
story, you actually
have to ask for his
forgiveness in order
for the curse to be lifted.
So surrounding Robert
on all the walls
are hand-written letters
from people saying,
I'm sorry, Robert.
Please break the curse.
And I don't know if
there's something
paranormal to these curses,
but they seem to work.
>>NOORY: A lot of people
report that Robert's eyes
seem to follow them
around over the place.
And the original story,
Chad, as you know,
and as we've talked
about, is it was
a worker at the
home of the family
back 100-plus years ago
who didn't like the family.
Maybe she was
fired or something.
So she gave them
this cursed doll.
And once the doll was
there in the house,
all hell broke loose.
People could report
hearing the pitter patter.
The child used to say
I'm afraid of the doll.
And then when they
left, they left the doll
in the attic of the house,
and the new owners took it.
And the little boy hated
it, hated the doll.
But the fascinating
story was people
who would go by
the house at night
would see Robert
looking out the window.
>>LEWIS: And it
doesn't even have
to be going there visiting now.
The last time I did the Robert
the doll story on your "Coast
to Coast," after
the program, you
had a link to Robert's
photo on there.
One of your listeners
contacted me
saying that he merely went
to the photo of Robert
and his computer crashed.
He wasn't there.
He had no interaction
with Robert.
But the mere idea of looking--
>>NOORY: It just got him.
>>LEWIS: Yes, it got him.
And I was actually down in Key
West, Florida with a TV crew,
and they were skeptics.
And before I got there,
they were setting up
all their equipment, and they
were out in a swampy area,
and they were just joking
how they didn't believe
in curses or Robert the doll.
And they started backing
up in their rental truck,
and they smashed out the back
of the window in a tree branch.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
Bad luck.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
Was it coincidence, or
something more sinister?
>>NOORY: Back to curses.
Can you fight a curse
that's been placed on you
by a very powerful person?
>>LEWIS: Yes, although the
means seem to be out of reach
for most of us.
We've lost the ability to do.
We have to go to a
specialist, whether it's
voodoo or hoodoo practitioner,
or a shaman, or a psychic.
But there are many things.
You can look around
in your neighborhood.
You'll see people taking
matters into their own hands.
They'll have gargoyles on
their steps to ward off evil.
One of my favorite is hanging
a horseshoe above your door.
Not only will it
bring in good luck
if you have it right side up
so the luck doesn't fall out,
but also, it's said
to ward off witches.
People will still-- if
you go to a restaurant,
watch for people throwing
salt over their left shoulder
to keep spirits away.
People will put iron on caskets.
>>NOORY: I got hit
in the eye with salt
once from somebody who did
that on a different table.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
And it's thought that the devil
would be on your left side.
That's where the spirits are.
So by throwing purifying salt,
you would keep these spirits
at bay.
And there are so many
legends that if you followed
all these things to keep
away evil and curses,
you'd be busy all day long.
You can't walk on cracks.
You've got to be
facing a certain area.
Put your shoes on your
bed in a certain manner.
It would be exhausting to
take all these precautions.
So many of us just take some
of the better precautions,
if you will.
>>NOORY: A person can be
cursed and not even know it.
>>LEWIS: Yes.
Many people who have become sick
or ill or just fall on bad luck
don't realize they've
been cursed until later
when they discover that someone
has placed the curse on them.
And oftentimes, it's
too late for them.
They can't take preventative
measures to avoid this
or to have the curve lifted.
>>NOORY: Why are
candles used in curses?
>>LEWIS: Well, you think
light, the purity of light.
>>NOORY: And
different colors, too.
>>LEWIS: Yeah, different
colors, different aspects.
And it seems to set
in the mood, too.
People have used candles
for years along with mirrors
and their seances.
And during the
spiritualist movement,
all they had during their
seances were candles.
So I think that's
just continued on.
That's one of those beliefs that
we've had in the early days,
and it's moved on with it.
Candles were always in rituals,
because that's all they had,
so you have to use
them still today.
>>NOORY: I remember back in
my days in Catholic classes,
catechism, you'd
go into the church,
and people would be there
lighting candles for prayer,
or people they cared
about, or people
who died-- hundreds and
hundreds of candles.
So it goes way back, doesn't
it, the use of candles?
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
Prior to candles, people
would use lanterns, candles
in a lantern, and
they would release it
into the sky for a loved one,
taking them to the heavens.
So these beliefs are
very historic, very old,
and they've continued on.
They've survived
decades of people
telling and retelling them.
>>NOORY: What fascinates you
about investigating curses?
>>LEWIS: I love the dares
that you have to take.
If you do this dare,
something will happen.
>>NOORY: Explain the dare.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
The dare is, for
instance, there's
a mausoleum in
Wisconsin that it's said
if you're foolish enough or
brave enough to sit or stand
on that mausoleum, you'll
be pushed to the ground
by the angry spirits
of those inside.
So you take the dare.
And really, these dares have
become rites of passage.
Usually, younger people will
do these as a test of bravery.
If I can run around the
mausoleum three times
to release the spirit,
that's proving that I'm
brave to my fellow teenagers.
And we don't have rites
of passage anymore.
We don't have tribes where
you become officially an adult
or an elder in the tribe.
Now we have to create our own.
So a lot of people
are doing these dares
as a matter of a rite of
passage to convince themselves
that they've moved to a
different aspect of their life.
>>NOORY: How important is
understanding the curse
and being a positive as
opposed to a negative?
>>LEWIS: Many of
the curses and dares
I've encountered-- I've
researched thousands of them
around the world-- about 99%
of them are always negative.
It's rarely anything positive.
>>NOORY: They're not happy.
Are they called curses
if they're happy?
No, they're spells, right?
>>LEWIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Spells are good.
Curses are bad.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
And I think more people are
taking that negative aspect.
They look at spells as
being negative or curses.
They don't realize that it could
be something positive as well.
But the overwhelming
majority of curses and dares
have something bad that
will happen to you.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>LEWIS: Which is scarier for
me than winning the lottery
or finding true love
after doing these dears.
>>NOORY: Would you know if
somebody put a curse on you?
>>LEWIS: I don't.
I wouldn't.
I don't think so.
And I've had colleagues-- I've
taken thousands of these dares.
A knock on wood, I'm still here.
>>NOORY: Give me
a lock of hairs.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
And I've had colleagues who
say, I'm not taking that dare.
And not because I'm afraid
of it, but because what
if one out of 1,000 is real?
Why would you tempt fate?
And I think for a lot of
people, they would rather not
take these dares as well.
>>NOORY: But you've got a core
of people who would do that.
They're just obsessed
with the paranormal.
And they would probably love
to take a dare like that
and go to a mausoleum
like you just suggested,
or some other hideous place.
They would do that.
>>LEWIS: You're right
on target, George.
It's now legend tripping.
People go to these places.
They're taking
trips to the legend.
>>NOORY: They enjoy it.
It's a party.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
They're not looking to dig
up research or interview
witnesses.
They're looking to
experience the activity.
They're looking for the UFO.
And if that doesn't
happen, they're
going to drive five miles
past this grave per hour,
and that will release
the witch, or touch
the witch's tree in
Chesterville, Illinois,
and she'll make herself known.
And if that doesn't
happen, they're
out looking for werewolves.
And it really is almost a
paranormal tourism, in a way.
This legend tripping
is so popular now.
People want to go out and
experience these things.
>>NOORY: It's growing.
I remember I was going
to do a Ouija board
experience on "Coast to Coast."
And I had three guests.
One was opposed to
it, one didn't care,
and one said go for it.
And so I was ready to
do this experiment.
And it dawned on me-- nah, you
might be opening up a portal.
You might be affecting
people who are listening.
I'm not going to do it.
It was a lot of hype
leading up to it.
I'll grant you that.
But I decided, I'm
not going to do it.
My emails were flooded from
people who said, thank god.
Thank you for not doing it.
But I still had a
handful of emails
from people who were
really ticked off at me.
They wanted that Ouija
board experiment.
One-- I'll always remember--
said, how could you?
We had 20 people
around the radio.
We had ordered
pizzas, and we were
ready to have a party
based on this show.
You have ruined it for us.
And I went, whoa.
>>LEWIS: And that's how beliefs
have changed over the years.
Back in the late
1800s, early 1900s,
it would be a social
event to get invited
to a seance at someone's home.
That would be great fun.
>>NOORY: That was a party.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
You'd gather around and
hope that some spirit would
make themselves known.
And nowadays, of course,
people take precautions
to avoid being cursed or
opening up, as you said,
a portal, or opening yourself
up to these mysterious beings,
whether they're flesh and
blood or something else.
>>NOORY: In the old
days, the living room
was called the parlor.
And my grandmother in
Boston would have parties
for her friends
and for my family
where a lady came in and
would read tea leaves that
would be in the coffee.
They'd have actual leaves in
the coffee and in the tea.
And when you drank it,
wherever the leaf stuck
to the inside of
the cup, she was
able to determine your future.
And it was a big thing.
Chad, I remember-- and I'm
a little boy at that time--
I remember the whole
family in there.
There must have been
25 people in there.
And this lady reading these
tea leaves and stuff like that.
That was their entertainment.
Television was at its infancy.
This was their thing.
>>LEWIS: And it really was.
And as you said, the
burial, the whole funeral
would be in the parlor.
You'd wash the body,
and you'd keep it there
for several days to make
sure that that person was
truly dead.
Because back then, whether
you were in a diabetic shock--
>>NOORY: I went in there
one day, and he was gone.
>>LEWIS: Yeah.
People would pop up
just in the nick of time
to be saved from
being buried alive.
>>NOORY: Well, remember the
old saying, dead ringer?
They would bury people but put
bells where he had a string.
In case he was alive,
he'd be able to ring it,
and they'd come and get him.
>>LEWIS: And most
people don't remember
that it used to be
caretakers of cemeteries
lived at the cemetery.
So they would watch for
these bells at night.
And family would
gather-- some say
working the graveyard shift,
listening for that bell
to go off.
>>NOORY: How frightening
if you could hear that?
>>LEWIS: Yes.
Saved by the bell.
>>NOORY: How would
you like to wake up
in the inside of a
casket, and you're alive,
and you can't get out.
>>LEWIS: I'd much rather
have that bell there to ring.
>>NOORY: What a
horrible way to die.
>>LEWIS: And we know thousands
of people were buried alive.
Over in Europe, when the
plagues went through,
they would dig up your relatives
and throw you in with them
to save room, of course.
And there are tales of
them finding scratch marks
on the top of the
coffin or the casket
as though somebody had
tried to claw their way out.
I don't think there's
anything worse.
And I've taken tours
of funeral homes.
And the new trend in
caskets is to have
a built-in communication system.
>>NOORY: Isn't that amazing?
How could they not
know that you're dead?
How do they make this mistake?
>>LEWIS: But every
year, we hear people
that they claimed were
dead were waking up.
There was a woman that
woke up in a freezer.
They thought she was gone.
And these aren't
happening in the 1800s.
These are modern-day
stories of people
that have been saved
from being buried alive.
>>NOORY: Do you believe
in reincarnation?
>>LEWIS: I do.
>>NOORY: That you keep coming
back until you're perfect?
>>LEWIS: Uh-huh.
I've talked to so
many people who
have undergone past
life regression
and believe that
they have stories.
And contrary to what most people
hear, most of the people that
had a past life were not some
famous or important person,
but just a regular person
that had lived long before.
>>NOORY: What's next for you?
>>LEWIS: I'm going to be
searching for a sea serpent,
one in my neck of the wood.
And I'm doing a book
on local sea serpents.
So if you don't hear from me,
you have to avenge my death.
>>NOORY: You mean you could
actually be swallowed up
by a sea serpent?
>>LEWIS: Many claim that people
have been drowned by these sea
serpents and attacked.
And obviously, it's
just a drowning.
There's no sea serpent to it.
But many people fear these sea
serpents, that you shouldn't
go looking for them lightly.
>>NOORY: One theory about Loch
Ness is that it's a large eel.
That doesn't sound
very romantic to me.
I wanted to be a
plesiosaur dinosaur.
>>LEWIS: I do as well.
And a lot of stories
tell of lake sturgeon,
that they're the
culprit of these things.
And I don't care if
you're in the water
and a 12-foot lake
sturgeon passes
against you or a plesiosaur.
It's a monster to you when a
12-foot, giant 300-pound fish
comes up against you.
For all purposes,
that is a sea monster.
But most of the descriptions
I get are of a large hump
being with a long neck,
like the plesiosaur.
And most witnesses say
that they're convinced
it wasn't a known animal.
>>NOORY: Chad, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>LEWIS: Keep an
eye out, George.
>>NOORY: Exciting, isn't it?
Ghosts, the other side, curses.
Just be careful out there.
Somebody may have
a curse on you,
and you might not even know it.
I'm George Noory.
Thank you for watching
"Beyond Belief."